BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE IS
whispering, tinged with SADNESS and REGRET:

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
              (Elvish: subtitled)
          "I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen,
          han mathon ne chae...a han noston ned
          wilith."
              (English:)
          The world is changed: I feel it in the
          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
          for none now live who remember it.

SUPER: THE LORD OF THE RINGS

EXT. PROLOGUE -- DAY

IMAGE: FLICKERING FIRELIGHT. The NOLDORIN FORGE in EREGION.
MOLTEN GOLD POURS from the lip of an IRON LADLE.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.)
          It began with the forging of the Great
          Rings.

IMAGE: THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
          wisest...fairest of all beings.

IMAGE: SEVEN RINGS held aloft in triumph by the DWARF LORDS.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners
          and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

IMAGE: NINE RINGS clutched tightly by the KINGS OF MEN...as
if holding-close a precious secret.

                    GALADRIEL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
          race of Men who, above all else, desire
          power.
BLACK CONTINUES... ELVISH SINGING....A WOMAN'S VOICE 